knee pain this study published in 2010
showed that two ingredients may help
with knee pain
662 participants were separated into
several groups this group took
glucosamine this group took chondroitin
this group took both this took Celexa
this this group took a placebo and this
is the control group who weren't given
anything at all all 662 people had knee
osteoarthritis over the span of two full
years these people all took exactly what
they were told to take imagine being in
a study like this and for two years you
take a fake pill that they told is gonna
heal your knees surprise Placebo did
have an effect but it was nowhere near
the glucosamine and chondroitin combo
glucosamine was okay and chondroitin was
also okay but the combo blue everybody
out of the water I almost ran out of
spices I've got an amazing team in a
certified facility working on this for
me anyway this Thursday pre-orders for
flexi joints open stay flexy